when we last had NBA action LeBron James
was losing in the finals to the Dallas
Mavericks what do you expect from LeBron
this season Steven a absolutely nothing
and that's all his fault because he's
given me no reason to expect anything
from him mr. three quarters this is wow
this is where it comes down to okay
LeBron James is the great is one of the
greatest talents in the NBA one of the
top two talents far as I'm concerned
greatest all-around player all of that
stuff is true but at the same time he
came up so small smaller than mini me in
the NBA finals in the fourth quarter I
consider it the closest thing the
unforgivable that I've seen on the
basketball court in modern times that
and I am not engaging in our purpley
with his talent and the expectations and
all the drama that surrounded him last
year it is time to get it done I don't
want anything LeBron James let's get
this out of the way skip you're a
beautiful person you're great ambassador
for the game of basketball you're good
family man you're a great friend let's
get all of that out of the way that we
are talking about basketball Thank
basketball you came up short this is not
hating on you this is calling you out
and saying it is time to stop
celebrating like you're a champion until
you start winning championships it is
like a legit it done it took me five
long years but I finally converted
Stephen L yeah he converted me with his
performance abilities though I mean
right and i will say it again next year
this year LeBron James will go as far as
Dwyane Wade charism because I must say
as awful as LeBron James was going from
chosen one to frozen one in the finals
Dwyane Wade wasn't a whole lot better so
it's time for doing but he was suffering
injuries cortisone I don't with that
thank God I'm not buying that Dwyane
Wade it's time for you to rise and shine
Harryhausen
she has a rare well he needs two or
three and LeBron James can go off for a
great ride I think this year look man
LeBron James should have more rigs than
you and I period on you know I just
thought makes more money than we do we
can buy all the Rings he wants really
bye bye give a listen Scott Smith never
a shortage of hot opinion get it done
guys thanks get it done